1. Palindrome:
You are to write a function that returns the reverse of the string provided. If the reverse of the string is the same as the original string, as in the case of palindromes, return true instead.
Return null when the string provided is empty.

2. Even Finabocci Numbers:
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

3. XOR decryption:
Each character on a computer is assigned a unique code and the preferred standard is ASCII (American Standard Code for Information Interchange). For example, uppercase A = 65, asterisk (*) = 42, and lowercase k = 107.
A modern encryption method is to take a text file, convert the bytes to ASCII, then XOR each byte with a given value, taken from a secret key. The advantage with the XOR function is that using the same encryption key on the cipher text, restores the plain text; for example, 65 XOR 42 = 107, then 107 XOR 42 = 65.
For unbreakable encryption, the key is the same length as the plain text message, and the key is made up of random bytes. The user would keep the encrypted message and the encryption key in different locations, and without both "halves", it is impossible to decrypt the message.
Unfortunately, this method is impractical for most users, so the modified method is to use a password as a key. If the password is shorter than the message, which is likely, the key is repeated cyclically throughout the message. The balance for this method is using a sufficiently long password key for security, but short enough to be memorable.
Your task has been made easy, as the encryption key consists of three lower case characters. Write a function that takes as a parameter, an array (or list) containing the encrypted ASCII codes, and using the knowledge that the plain text must contain common English words, decrypt the message and find the sum of the ASCII values in the original text.

4. Passcode derivation:
A common security method used for online banking is to ask the user for three random characters from a passcode. For example, if the passcode was 531278, they may ask for the 2nd, 3rd, and 5th characters; the expected reply would be: 317.
Given that the three characters are always asked for in order, write a function (or a method) that will take an array (or list) containing successful login attempts as parameter and analyse the array so as to determine the shortest possible secret passcode of unknown length.

5. A picture speaks more than a thousand words:
Given a text file with a message in it and an ordinary bitmap image, hide the message within the image by making subtle modifications that would be very difficult to detect by someone who wasn't looking for them.

6. Consecutive prime sum:
The prime 41, can be written as the sum of six consecutive primes:
41 = 2 + 3 + 5 + 7 + 11 + 13
This is the longest sum of consecutive primes that adds to a prime below one-hundred.
The longest sum of consecutive primes below one-thousand that adds to a prime, contains 21 terms, and is equal to 953.
Which prime, below one-million, can be written as the sum of the most consecutive primes?

7. 10001st Prime
By listing the first six prime numbers: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13, we can see that the 6th prime is 13.
What is the 10 001st prime number?

8. Effizzy
Create a function to return Fizz, Buzz, FizzBuzz, or the argument it receives, all depending on the argument of the function, a number that is divisible by, 3, 5, or both 3 and 5, respectively.
When the number is not divisible by 3 or 5, the number itself should be returned.

9. Armstrong Number:
Write a function (or method), that will take a number and returns true if that number is Armstrong number, or false otherwise.
An Armstrong number is a 3 digit number for which sum of cube of its digit is equal to the number. Example of Armstrong number is 153 as 153= 1+ 125+27 which 1^3+5^3+3^3. Another Armstrong number is 371.

10. Bubblesort
Write a program which reads strings from standard input and sorts them using the Bubblesort algorithm. Determine the execution time with 10, 1000, 1000000 entries using time.